hey guys I'm no beer here and today I
have a review and it's a logitech v20
b220 mouse um let's start off with the
design it's pretty ergonomical it fits
in your hand pretty nice it's pretty
smooth on the table where some mouse is
when you they're going on the table just
makes such loud sounds it's annoying it
has like a rubber rubbery texture on the
top here which helps to give it a grip
interests a nice smooth feel oh my god I
don't know it's smooth but it kind of
gives a grip on the side there's some
rubbery it gives a real nice grip on
your hands another all the way to the
front of the mouth here on the bottom
there's a real nice optical right there
works great works I'm Woollett anything
you don't need a mousepad it off the USB
thing is a little big I prefer the
microlens but life took me a nice design
here for since it is mainly for laptop
use you can store the flash drive right
on this compartment down here and what's
really cool is I learned this recently
is it's got a groove cut out here of the
bottom of the few days concealer net but
when I slide it in it automatically
turns the little power switch here off
so when I pull it out it automatically
turns it back on is off what I pushed it
in
and now it's on so it also has a reset
button for resetting and reconnecting
and then there's this button here you
push on it and it pops the battery case
right off you get to your double a
battery really easily live fast and
works great while we're talking about
the battery it supposed to last up to
six months I haven't had it that long to
actually see and that's pretty long for
a while so I don't think it actually
will but if it does that's great too he
let the place the battery two times a
year let's put this back down here let's
see the arm it's got a nice scroll wheel
it's on the fee I can hear that but it's
kind of loud for ones that are nice and
smooth um but yeah it puts down too so
when you're not a page and click down
and you just move it down and start
scrolling down it also goes left and
right there's a little click left and
right on the buttons are real nice they
feel good
oh let's see here what else
but yeah it's a great mouse I'll give
you some specs on it now let's see it's
got the toe we want to talk about that
1000 DPI high definition of optical
technology provides more sensitivity
standard optical motts yesterday i'll
get that annoying red light sometimes
that bones me when I lift up my mouth
for something that red luggage it's not
that good if you have a red light one
it's not going to work as good chant the
nice rubber panel to talked about that
the battery indicator light right there
and provide the I mean it estimates like
about you know how long the matter and
totes about to run out but I have mine
run out yet it's the wheels got that
grip same stuff on it kinda as here it
makes it really easy I mean if my
fingers with what I'm still tired yield
it easily use it it works for both a pc
and a mac so that's good for your mac
owners and also it connected really fast
if when I am plugging in looking like
two seconds and nos was already
connected so that was nice so having
away for a while installing stuff you
can get right into it it's compatible
with windows XP Vista or mac OS x 10.2
point eight it also works from windows 7
that's what i have it comes the battery
that's always good it only needs one
double a battery use the USB it's very
ergonomically fits it's nice and small
so for you laptop users like me have my
HP here what are the specs right now but
it's good because it it fits like it
just just keep it right on your
fingertips mainly
in your palm I do like them bigger
sometimes as she said it has human
capabilities it's our wireless to
obviously there's a receiver and that's
basically it guys thanks for watching
this has been a review of logitech v220
optical mouse